Product Details :

Pack of 1
Style Code plain cotton mens shirt latest design trendy unique high quality new look 2023
Secondary Color Light Blue
Closure Button
Fit Regular, Slim, Tailored
Fabric Pure Cotton
Sleeve Full Sleeve
Pattern Solid
Reversible No
Collar Button Down
Color Black
Fabric Care Machine wash as per tag, Hand wash
Suitable For Western Wear
Hem Curved

Other Details :

This is shirts boys men style new model 2020 and men's shirts full cotton,updated shirt men new ,for shirts boys men new style , men shirts new style, shirt men new model low price, latest mens shirts new model,for all mens fashion,latest mens shirts,branded shirts for men,trendy shirts,ramraj shirts,human being shirt,best quality shirts,new shirts,formal,semi formal,printed,solid,check,casual shirts,Mens Top Wear,latest shirt,shirt on offer shirts,Men's Shirt,Casual Shirts
Other Dimensions
Fit of model is wearing M-39 (height 5.9 feet and weight 70) which will fit for 38-39 and its comfort slim.So it will be comfortable to wear and your attitudes remains vibrant.
Net Quantity 1
Fit-Comfort Slim(tailored)fit which will give you shape eventhough you are not muscular/gym .Same as on picture/after 6months usage if any damage on color-(fade/shrink) return the product to company refund is available by the Brand INDI HEMP. Self Design made of premium and top class printing so after several wash of machine also the print won't get any change. Fabric & Care - 100%Cotton (Machine Wash Regular) Guaranteed 0% shrinkage on collar /tear free for lifetime Color & 0%Shirnkage guarnteed after many wash. Skin friendly shirt made of Organic Premium Cotton and after bio-wash for AntiBacterial. Gentlemens Professional Formal Shirt has a Slim collar with button which can be used as chinese collar and the button will make your collar everyday stand strong ,1 pocket and hand cuff buttons for professional mode and by rolling up it will give you a Casual Style and your owner/customer will feel you are the Boss .Even if you are tired your shirt and the collar will stand which will hold your attitude up. High quality fabrics Offers Bright Colours and proper fitting as export standard size infusing Top Class Design for Formal and Casual use,thus making it Basic Trend everyday use at lowest price. Its a smart fit Menshirt with relaxed fit across the shoulders, chest, armhole, and sleeves with a shaped waist. Moisture absorption shirt makes comfortable and soothes your skin in winter as well as in summer season,its for all seasons.Style Tip - Enhance your royal look by Smart Casual Look will stand for long time uses hence its Premium essential clothing for Festive Wear, Ethnic Wear, Traditional Wear,Business.Suitable:Sports,Casual,Work,College,Date,Party,Perfect gift for families, friends,lover,hubby,father and boyfriend.It's the perfect day-to-night shirt. Mens Clothing made by pure cotton linen hold you on Mens Fashion Trend Setter with Class Stylish Design wear this genuine product in special occasions for Smart look wear with trousers to office and throw on jeans at night.